Add note regarding event notification with perf replication (#28853)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/events.mdx

## Subscribing to event notifications

> ~> **NOTE**: When using event notifications with a Vault architecture that leverages performance replication, you will only be able to subscribe to events on the primary performance replication cluster.  Subscribing to events on the secondary performance cluster will yield no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note> 

  Vault deployments with performance replication must subscribe to events on the
  primary performance cluster. Vault ignores subscriptions made from secondary
  clusters.

</Note>
```

Style correction: write in active voice, use tag-style asides
